>>How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

well it can help me by identifying the diff between two files, the old file and new file.

>>How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

it can help me easy by identfying changes i have made over the course of project and how each time i could have been better programmer.

>>What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

i think manually choosing to commit is a better choice than automative coz of in manual user have the choice creating less number of commits and errors. while in automative you have too much commit done by the machine. cons of the manualy nclude users forgetting sometimes to commit and sometimes waiting for a long time to commit thus creating a large size file.

>>Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

i think git operates in someway different from other version controls.google docs treats each file seperately coz it have to do that and it imposible to do a commit for to files that are linked at same time. also, the audience of each version control is different.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

i can use the command git log to view the history the changes i have made to my files. git diff can also help me track the chnages and the difference between two files.

>>How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

it helps me by not worrying the chnages i have made since i can easily track them and roll back the chnages when ever i want.

>>How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

the staging area acts as middle man between working directory and the repositiry. it carries files from working directory and then adds it to the repository area as one commit the whole multiple files.the most values it offers is that you can reset some files if you aaccidentlly add them to staging area.